Add info about orb categories (#4807)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orb-author.md

With the orb development kit, a fully automated CI and CD pipeline is automatically configured within `.circleci/config.yml`. This configuration makes it simple to automatically deploy semantically versioned releases of your orbs.

For more information, see the [Orb Publishing Process]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/creating-orbs/) guide.

### Categorizing Your Orb

> You can categorize your orb for better discoverability in the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/). Categorized orbs are searchable by category in the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/). (CircleCI may also from time to time create or edit orb categorizations to improve orb discoverability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can categorize your orb for better discoverability in the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/). Categorized orbs are searchable by category in the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/). CircleCI may, from time to time, create or edit orb categorizations to improve orb discoverability.
```

#### Listing categories

![](  {{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/orb-categories-list-categories.png)

You can select up to two categories for your orb. These are the available categories:

- Artifacts/Registry
- Build
- Cloud Platform
- Code Analysis
- Collaboration
- Containers
- Deployment
- Infra Automation
- Kubernetes
- Language/Framework
- Monitoring
- Notifications
- Reporting
- Security
- Testing

> The list of categories can also be obtained by running the `circleci orb list-categories` CLI command. You can view the detailed docs for it [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_list-categories.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of categories can also be obtained by running the `circleci orb list-categories` CLI command. You can view the detailed docs for this command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_list-categories.html).
```

#### Add an orb to a category

![](  {{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/orb-categories-add-to-category.png)

> Add your orb to the chosen category by running `circleci orb add-to-category <namespace>/<orb> "<category-name>"`. You can view the detailed docs for the `circleci orb add-to-category` command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_add-to-category.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your orb to your chosen category by running `circleci orb add-to-category <namespace>/<orb> "<category-name>"`. You can view the detailed docs for this command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_add-to-category.html).
```

#### Remove an orb from a category

![](  {{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/orb-categories-remove-from-category.png)

> Remove an orb from a category by running `circleci orb remove-from-category <namespace>/<orb> "<category-name>"`. You can view the detailed docs for the `circleci orb remove-from-category` command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_remove-from-category.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove an orb from a category by running `circleci orb remove-from-category <namespace>/<orb> "<category-name>"`. You can view the detailed docs for this command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_remove-from-category.html).
```

#### Viewing an orb's categorizations

![](  {{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/orb-categories-orb-info.png)

> To see what categories an orb is already categorized under, check the output of `circleci orb info <namespace>/<orb>`. It will list the orb’s categorization(s). You can view the detailed docs for the `circleci orb info` command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_info.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see which categorizations have been applied an orb, check the output of `circleci orb info <namespace>/<orb>` for a list. You can view the detailed docs for this command [here](https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_orb_info.html).
```
